in other words I use butter a leash
novel German word for kind of like a
little brief laughs can you I just need
to put a little hustle there exact over
it is nice you don't really got that cuz
you had a food okay I've been working
with sir he's not jumping up and Comi so
much can you drop the string and play
with her instead of throwing it I want
to keep it there look what's already
doing your position
look what's doing a crew position Brian
put it in your hand turn your wrist
straight up over there you go like that
okay now bring your hand out like that
now ask her to heal right after but
green dough there
if you do you see it did to your
position exciting okay well it should
have to end if I have it okay wait wait
keep it down Lord Cupid eller yeah oh
yeah oh they're okay but don't get it
like throw it out to left and make move
around but just doesn't mess it catch it
because it's too big for her mouth there
okay and go back into it go back into it
go back into it walk quicker lot quicker
there yeah
no you're you hell does wrong spot that
time it was like way in above the head
like yeah where's the Alicia with leash
okay okay put the leash on behind your
backside
oh sure
just tell us off that that works if that
works I'd be on a business be careful I
am recording you you know
let's see there found out you're making
fun of them you never did never bite
great from you within the game he
doesn't have to have a great he just
goes hey hold it up higher and out out
further yeah they are how much does she
straining on the leash yes you've
already taught her yeah you've already
kind of taught her to hear no I think
you do with the toilets right again
we've done the toy before though yeah
but conversely if she just kept jumping
okay wait stop
toss it okay bring the toy out okay take
one slow step wiggle the toy a little
bit okay so almost try to get
okay stop don't let us steal it either
said they're done ina get the dwelling
and bring it out bring it down further
down further I put right in from or
knows wait ah okay wait till she comes
down okay now take a slow step demo
cable three mellower now take it wait
don't take it away from her okay now
take us be right there I'll be right
there leave it she just no success now
take it though nope nope now take a step
now how much did you pull see the
difference ah okay take a slow step
again what you calm down there nah hey I
worked
you bring back
so step
when you bring back little too far Ford
okay essentially jumps good little check
they're like oh oh you always just
moving is rewarding her now if it was a
small bulb you could just you could drop
income life yeah that'd be great yeah
it's too big
okay thanks Ted I don't care about
sitting Brian so don't worry but okay
take a step there oh that was awesome
yeah drop again crumbly